Update parent POM - Added a Maven configuration (#6113)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/doc/developer/tutorial-improve/update-parent-pom.adoc

// Create the branch
include::doc/developer/tutorial-improve/_create-a-branch.adoc[]

== Maven configuration

> Before updating the parent POM (Project Object Model) using the "mvn -ntp version:update-parent" command.
> It is crucial to make sure that the Maven configuration files are correctly configured. 
> This is important because the maven-hpi-plugin, which is used for developing Jenkins plugins.
> May require some additional global configurations to function correctly with older plugin environments.
> If Maven reports that it cannot download artifacts during the update process, it may be due to improper configuration settings.
> 
> To address this issue,  create a file named "settings.xml" in the "/m2" directory (which is the default location for Maven settings).
> And configure it with the following content:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before updating the parent POM (Project Object Model) using the "mvn -ntp version:update-parent" command, you must make sure that the Maven configuration files are correctly configured.
This is important because the plugin:maven-hpi-plugin[maven-hpi-plugin], used for developing Jenkins plugins, might require some additional global configurations to function correctly with older plugin environments.

If Maven reports that it cannot download artifacts during the update process, it might be due to improper configuration settings.
To address this issue, create a file named `settings.xml` in the `/m2` directory, which is the default location for Maven settings, and configure it with the following content:
```
Suggestion to full sentence per line formatting, as this makes it easier for reviewers to provide feedback on a line by line format. There are a handful of formatting and punctuation suggestions to provide a bit better flow, but let me know if you have any questions!
